Improve documentation on secure handling (#255)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model-io: docs/converters/tabular_converter.md

  `{"table": "Transformer loads", "name": "load", "key" {"Node_Number": 103, "Subnumber": 1} -> 7`
* `sym_load.node`:
  `{"table": "Transformer loads", "name": "internal_node", "key" {"Node_Number": 103, "Subnumber": 1} -> 6`

> ## Secure Handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security Considerations
```

> Mapping files enable the specification of custom mappings or filter functions. These functions can come from the `power-grid-model-io` library, be user-provided, or even supplied by third parties. To ensure security, we have implemented several measures and recommend best practices to prevent malicious code execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mapping files enable the specification of custom mappings or filter functions. These functions can come from the `power-grid-model-io` library, be user-provided, or even supplied by third parties. To ensure security, we have implemented several measures and recommended best-practices to prevent malicious code execution.
```

Author: hmmm, We implemented measures before, we recommend practice now in the document....

Reviewer 2: In that case better break up the sentence in two. 
```suggestion
Mapping files enable the specification of custom mappings or filter functions. These functions can come from the `power-grid-model-io` library, be user-provided, or even supplied by third parties. To ensure security, we implemented several measures. Best practices are recommended to prevent malicious code execution.
```

### Safe Loading of Configuration Files

> We use the `yaml.safe_load` functionality from PyYAML library to load configuration files securely. This method prevents the execution of potentially malicious code during the loading process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `yaml.safe_load` functionality from the PyYAML library to load configuration files securely. This method prevents the execution of potentially malicious code during the loading process.
```

> ### Secure Function Handling

Reviewer 2: A line between sections

Author: It is necessary for inserting a new line

Reviewer: yes but sections typically require a new line (here and everywhere else)

```suggestion

### Secure Function Handling
```

* No `eval`-like Functionality: 
  

>   We do not use `eval` or similar functions that can execute arbitrary code.

Reviewer 2: A line between sections

* Loadable/Loaded Functions Only
  
  Only functions and symbols that are explicitly loadable or loaded are allowed. These must be:

  * Python Builtins: 
  
    Such as `max`.

  * Prefixed by Import Path: 
  

>     Functions must include their relative or absolute import path, ensuring they are importable using `import_module`. For example, `numpy.max` is allowed, but `np.max` is not.

Reviewer 2: A line between sections

### Prevention of Malicious Code Injection
By enforcing the rules mentioned above, we prevent the inclusion of malicious code like:
```python
lambda x: return (malicious_code(), normal_code(x))[1]
```

> In normal operation, this would be provided as normal_code, preventing harm from `malicious_code`.

Reviewer: maybe something along the lines of this would do the trick:

The rules mentioned above prevent the inclusion of malicious code like:

```python
lambda x: return (malicious_code(), normal_code(x))[1]
```

which, in normal operation without any malicious intentions, would be provided as plainly `normal_code`.
We enforce above mentioned rules, completely rejecting the malicious snippet, and therefore prevent any potential harm from `malicious_code`.

> In normal operation, this would be provided as normal_code, avoiding any side effects from malicious_code.
> ### Best Practices for Production Environments
> * File Permissions

Reviewer 2: side effects is the by product of something doing good for the primary purpose.
```suggestion
In normal operations, this would be provided as `normal_code`, preventing harm from `malicious_code`.

### Best Practices for Production Environments
* File Permissions
```

  Configuration files should be treated similarly to Python source files, with appropriate file permissions.

> * Controlled Access

Reviewer 2: A line between sections
